I'll bet but when you were you had a
phone call from the film crew saying hey
can you help us find metals that you
don't expect to see anything like this
how's it feel unbelievable I can't
believe we got this today that's just
you know this is for what would have
these radios and these snakes for is
just trying to get this kind of behavior
so have you ever seen zyf eat anything
before no I've been studying these guys
for since 97 we haven't seen this so I'm
really pleased it's great it's
incredible pumped up now we should see
just watch those jaws you see the
articulation on the head watch how he
stretches and can walk up his prey he
doesn't have to move his head much he
just moves the muscles he can slide up
his prey using those backwards pointing
teaster grip it
what the equivalent for me would be like
me flipping that off my head back and
swallowing an entire turkey that is a
special networking moment we're
witnessing they're in reptiles this is
incredibly rare to see what a great
animal look at that
I'm so excited economy binocular steady
now the other problem would be if I
could possibly swallow them he'll that
size would obviously I'd stop breathing
halfway through because there's no way I
could get a meal down like that and
breathe at the same time snakes have
that completely licked by actually
having at the base of their tongue the
top of their windpipe and it's literally
like a muscular tube and they can you
can just see the front of the mouth
there you just saw opening close they
can use it to basically help them allow
them to breathe while swallowing a meal
like this
you notice you're not swallowing as we
would his body muscles now are taking
over
once that's animals past its throat well
then use it very muscular body and got
to literally squeeze the animal down its
body this is sort of ways you have to
squeeze the last remaining drop of
toothpaste out of a toothpaste tube they
reuse their muscles in the same way to
force that lizard down